Fine tune Introduction to provisioning (#4052)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/common/modules/con_provisioning-methods-in-project.adoc

Author: I wanted this section to reflect the options that the web UI provides in provisioning on compute resources.

Reviewer: My provisioning knowledge is a bit rusty, but I would explain it like this.

For metal, Foreman can't start the bootdisk/discovery(/image - that's not a thing anyway) process from the UI. The user needs to go to the physical system and insert the boot medium (or do so via the management interface). Thus, the only method Foreman can offer is "create host entry to boot from" (and even then someone still needs to actually go and (re)boot the system), which should be "network based" in this screenshot.

Maybe keep the current structure (which seems very logical to me!) and add a "For bare-metal hosts, you need to …" explanations?

Also, should this list mention discovery in some way?

[id="Provisioning-Methods-in-{ProjectNameID}_{context}"]
= Provisioning methods in {ProjectName}

With {ProjectName}, you can provision hosts by using the following provisioning methods.

Network based::
You can use this method with hosts that provide PXE booting or UEFI HTTP booting.
+

> You are required to configure the necessary network booting services, such as DHCP and TFTP servers.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You must configure the necessary network booting services, such as DHCP and TFTP.
```

suggestion (non-blocking): reword. Another idea: append "before you can provision a host".

I'd also drop "servers" because the DHCP/TFTP service can also just be part of any Smart Proxy.

If possible, would be good to link to https://docs.theforeman.org/nightly/Integrating_Provisioning_Infrastructure_Services/index-katello.html

Author: I've decided not to include the link here because I link to it in chapters for particular provisioning methods, ie. network boot.

[id="Provisioning-Methods-in-{ProjectNameID}_{context}"]
= Provisioning methods in {ProjectName}

With {ProjectName}, you can provision hosts by using the following provisioning methods.

Network based::

> You can use this method with hosts that provide PXE booting or UEFI HTTP booting.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use this method with hosts that can utilize PXE booting or UEFI HTTP booting.
```
or
```suggestion
You can use this method with hosts that provide PXE booting or UEFI HTTP booting capabilities.
```

Otherwise it might sound like the hosts are the ones that offer PXE/HTTP boot services (which they don't)

[id="Provisioning-Methods-in-{ProjectNameID}_{context}"]
= Provisioning methods in {ProjectName}

With {ProjectName}, you can provision hosts by using the following provisioning methods.

Network based::
You can use this method with hosts that are capable of PXE booting or UEFI HTTP booting.
+
You must configure the necessary network booting services, such as DHCP or TFTP.
When you create a host entry, you select a PXE loader that can configure DHCP options for network booting if {SmartProxy} is set up to configure the DHCP service automatically.
+
ifdef::satellite[]
This method uses the Anaconda operating system installer and template-generated Kickstart script for installation automation downloaded from {Project}.
endif::[]
ifndef::satellite[]
This method uses an operating system installer, such as Anaconda, Debian Installer, or YaST, and template-generated file with installation options automation from {Project}, such as Kickstart, Preseed, or AutoYaST.
endif::[]

> PXE-based Discovery:::

Author: I don't think so.
The PXE Discovery just creates a host entry, but it doesn't provision the host (unless auto-provisioning is set up... which isn't out of the box.)

> PXE-based Discovery:::

Author: Updated, but still rendered as subsection.

You can create host entries by discovering hosts on a network.
You can automate provisioning of discovered hosts by creating Discovery rules.

:FeatureName: Kernel execution
PXE-less Discovery with kexec::
You can use this method with PXE-less hosts.
+
You must configure DHCP for host discovery.
+

> This method uses the Discovery image to boot the host and report its hardware details to {Project}.
> Using kernel execution (kexec), the Discovery image runs the installer downloaded from {Project}.

Author: For PXE-based Discovery, the image is "unpacked" (not ISO) to TFTP folder on SmartProxy IIRC, so actually yes, you're right.
What I meant here was rather this:

```suggestion
This method uses the Discovery image ISO to boot the host and report its hardware details to {Project}.
Using kernel execution (kexec), the Discovery image runs the installer downloaded from {Project}.
```

Kexec most definitely doesn't apply to PXE-based Discovery, the rest of the process is network based provisioning (PXE only? not sure).

> Using kernel execution (kexec), the Discovery image runs the installer downloaded from {Project}.

Author: Actually, isn't PXE-less Discovery also network based but without the network boot?
Where does kexec get the next kernel from?

> Using kernel execution (kexec), the Discovery image runs the installer downloaded from {Project}.

Reviewer: I always thought (but pretty sure never actually tried) that if you do discovery, it always boots the discovery image (via ISO or PXE) and then kexec's into the real OS installation medium.

Of course, if PXE is available, nothing prevents us from switching the PXE-offered boot medium and issuing a normal reboot…

So yeah, don't trust me blindly ;)

+
include::snip_technology-preview.adoc[]

Boot disk based::
You can use this method with PXE-less hosts or when you do not have the option of configuring network booting services, such as DHCP.
+
This method supplies the booting capability but the rest of the provisioning process still downloads the installer and template-generated files from {Project} to automate the installation.

Image based::
You can use this method with virtual machines or cloud instances.
+
This method uses a virtual image template or a cloud image from a compute resource to provision the operating system.
{Project} can customize the image by running either a pre-boot or post-boot configuration script generated from a provisioning template.

ifndef::satellite[]
.Choosing a provisioning method

> image::common/provisioning-method-selection.svg["Choosing a provisioning method", title="Choosing a provisioning method"]

Author: Diagram partially updated.

> image::common/provisioning-method-selection.svg["Choosing a provisioning method", title="Choosing a provisioning method"]

Author: I've changed it to "Unsupported" - does that work too?

> image::common/provisioning-method-selection.svg["Choosing a provisioning method", title="Choosing a provisioning method"]

Reviewer: Yes absolutely, thanks!

Network based::
You can use this method with hosts that are capable of PXE booting or UEFI HTTP booting.
+
You must configure the necessary network booting services, such as DHCP or TFTP.
When you create a host entry, you select a PXE loader that can configure DHCP options for network booting if {SmartProxy} is set up to configure the DHCP service automatically.
+
ifdef::satellite[]
This method uses the Anaconda operating system installer and template-generated Kickstart script for installation automation downloaded from {Project}.
endif::[]
ifndef::satellite[]
This method uses an operating system installer, such as Anaconda, Debian Installer, or YaST, and template-generated file with installation options downloaded from {Project}, such as Kickstart, Preseed, or AutoYaST.
endif::[]

Network based with PXE Discovery:::
You can create host entries by discovering hosts on a network.
The discovery process uses the Discovery image to boot the host and report its hardware details to {Project}.
You can automate provisioning of discovered hosts by creating Discovery rules.

:FeatureName: Kernel execution
PXE-less Discovery with kexec::

> You can use this method with PXE-less hosts.

Reviewer: Maybe instead of "PXE-less" something along the lines of "hosts that do not support network boot"?
